08 November 2016, 23:55 PST
09 November 2016, 02:55 EST
09 November 2016, 07:55 GMT
09 November 2016, 07:55 UTC
09 November 2016, 09:55 EET
09 November 2016, 13:25 IST
09 November 2016, 15:55 CST
09 November 2016, 16:55 JST
09 November 2016, 18:55 AEDT

Dear Santa,

This year I have been good.

i want to go to college, it's terrifying.
i want to die
I want to cry
I want to pray.
I want nothing more than to disappear. I don't want any part in this
I want to know what is wrong with my country.
I want Melania.Trump and Melania will be OK with that since they know I won't be tapping that. I mean her.
i want my one
I want to be involved in social media any more.
i want to wake up, but this isn't a dream. i can't wake up. i'm stuck here.
I want Barbra"
I want y'all to really think of how much this shit wasn't a joke man.
i want to leave
I want you to look. I want you to listen.if you may.
i want to throw up
I want from a Trump presidency is Trump coming down and executing me in person like a real man instead of pussyfooting it
I want to cry right now 😢
I want somebody to try me
i want to delete my makeup account
I want to live in. This is not a WORLD I want to live in.
I want in!!
I want to thank everyone who supported Trump/Pence and thanking Hillary for bowing out
i want nothing to do with anyone who basically promotes sexism, racism and everything else he does.
I want to be in denial for the rest of this term.
I want to see happen or not
i want a wall
I want to tell the world community ... we will deal fairly with everyone"
I want to cry . .
I want to!1!1
I want to die
I want to get off.
I want to die' tweet.
The first time I'm tempted and now I can't find it.
i want off. People are fucking stupid
I want to tell the world community that while we will put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone
i want to check trump's speech the wifi lagged
I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone".
I WANT TO DIE.
I want to be apart of anymore.
I want to tell the world community, that while we will always put Americans first, we will deal with everyone fairly
I want to tell the world "we will deal fairly with everyone."
I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone."
I want, that's sad as fuck
I want to tell the world community that we will always put America's interest first, we will deal fairly with everyone.
I want to get off.
I want off this planet now... WWIII soon...
I want to trust >>
I WANT YOU BACK
I want to tell the world that while we will always but Americas interest first we will deal fairly with everyone
I WANT TO MARRY REGINA.
I want to tell the world community, that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone.
I want to get off
I want to tell the world community while we will put America’s interests first, we will deal with everyone fairly..."
I want y'all to be safe and happy, I'm praying for you
I want to hold you all and tell you it will be okay. Will it?
i want
I want my weapon to attack the enemy and drain some of it's MP for my character. (QAQ) </3
I want to go to bed LOL in love with the whole Trump family
I want you to look me right in the eyes and tell me why you hate me
I want Russia to drop the Satan bomb on this country right fucking now.
I want to know what we can do.
I want to have kids someday and be proud of the USA
i want to move out. i don't wanna live on this planet anymore. who's flying to mars with me?
I want to fly out to Tennessee anymore tbh
I want to take my country back" in all due respect that's shots to everyone who isn't white
I want to die.
I want to get off!
I want to live in one of those other universes.
I want things to end. This can't be right.
I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone."
I want back Tae ma bed"
I want to tell the world community, that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone.
I want to be president for all Americans.
I want to go back to school I should enroll in Toronto
I want to
I want to be sick. ....
I want to kill myself, I won't. I'll try to stay strong and determined... for my friends' sake and my family's
I want to tell the world community that we will deal fairly with everyone. We will seek partnership, not conflict."
I want people to hurt me fucking hell man
I want, where they wonder to themselves.. Hore what does Hector do exactly.
I want to scream.
I want to thank my parents.
I want to tell world community, we will deal fairly with everyone' - Trump
I Want A Son Half Of Him But I Don't Like🤔
i want to kill them all
I want do you touch me there, I want to feel I'm breathing, feel like I'm a human.
I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America's interests first we will work with them.
I WANT THE APPLE WATCH
I want to thank my parents who are looking down on me right now," Trump says.
I want ahhh
I want to fight for this racist country
I want out 😩
I want us to be united and healthy in these times.
I want to live in.
I want  barf. Those words just don't mesh at all. Fuck that.
I want to knock him in the face
I want to thank Satan."
i want to be know >>> that what is mean by double or nothing in 1BTC daily coin satlitte steps..????
I want to see a candidate build a campaign around changing the school system. (Not making it free, but actual changes.)
I want to be associated w anyone who voted trump
I want to tell the world community" omggggg what is this man saying !?!!!
I want to be going is school
I want to live in :(
I want to wake up
I want my $$$
I want to be as good a president as Beyonce is a performer" - Hillary 🙏🙌 (Pretty much why I wanted her to win lol)
I want to thank my parents who I know are looking down on me right now." - Trump
I want to move to Canada 🇨🇦
I want to get off
i want to crawl into a hole and pull it in behind me
I want to cry. I feel like I'm dying
I want to thank my dad looking down from kkk heaven"
i want him assassinated A S A P
I want Barack Obama back 😢who the fuck would vote for trump!
I want to go to America next year or not.
I want to be part of
I want to say this from a furry perspective. If you're upset that trump won presidency, Do not cancel any future plans because of it.
I want to thank all the people who helped me win this historical election"

THE KKK???
I want to run away
I want to thank my parents who I know are looking down on me right now."
I want that excellence for America...
I want to thank my parents, looking down.'

Hell's not UP, asshole.
I want to be >>
I want to thank my parents who I know are looking down on me."
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now. Great people.
i want you all to havce my benefits
I WANT THEM TO STAY ALIVE GOD FUCKING DAMMIT.
i want to wake up in the morning
I want to tell the world community we will deal fairly with everyone" - Trump
I want to write a review
i want to do ggb but i cant listen to it without crying sossososo
I want to thank my parents who are looking down on me right now"
Ohhh they aint the only ones looking down on you now, dickless....
I want to see 300 - 218
i want pizza huhu
I want so badly to be happy for my Republican friends but I've never felt more disappointed and terrified, this is absolutely awful
I want to see myself benefit. With no previous experience in any area of politics besides economics, lets see what you got
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
I want to roll one
I want to have kids someday and be proud of the USA
I want all Americans every race to come together as one like you dont give a fuck about minority's fuck you
I want to cry or laugh 🤔
I want to be with no experience. Oh wait no... I needed a masters which put me in student loan debt.
I want everyone who follow me to know. I don't care whenever you're LGBT, Muslim, Mexican, female, etc. I love you all.
I want to go off, but at the same time I'm speechless...
I want a torta
I want to thank my parents who I know are looking down," Trump says. "I also want to thank my sisters ... and my brother Robert."
I want to make America great but not like this.Not with hate.
I want to beat Comey's ass
I want to be like him".

So I'm force feeding him Sunny Delight and Wotsits to make him orange.👍
I want to thank my parents who are looking down...", adds, "I learned so much from them"
I want to be able to speak English fluently.
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me."
I want to come back. Thanks America. If you wanted me out of the country you got it.
I want to see Trump TRY n deport some Mexicans!!! Ain't gna do this to us again. Guarantee we make noise n fight back 💯💯💯💯
i want cory in the house 🇺🇸
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down."

What an amazing man.
I want to thank my parents who are looking down at me right now..." you have no idea you fuck up of a basket case.
i want to gouge my eyes out
I want? Will my best friends who happen to be of color still be alive? Find out on America.
I want to be president for all Americans.
I WANT TO END MY LIFE
i want to work w her when sge cant even focus on herself lol
I want to look like this guy I saw on the internet"
I want sleep :(
i want you all to know that you have my full support and don't let this head ass destroy who yall are!
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
i want to thank my parents looking down on me" you should thank your parents for also being active members of the KKK and
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
I want bare dominos but can't have it wtf
i want to cry
i want to do good and stuff
I want to go there instead
i want to stop fucking crying
I want my gay best friend to get married, not jailed for it. I want
I want to get off
I wanted trump
I want to thank my parents who I know are looking down" - up, Donald, you mean looking up
I want to vomit
i want to try to be more optimistic but like. tr*mp is going to have every single one of his policy decisions go relatively uncontested
I want to thank my parents i know theyre looking down..." arent they fucking immigrants too like 🤔🙄
I want a quick fix right about now
I want over 100 points profit.
I want out of this house
i want obama back
I want to do some dumb shit
I want to pay attention to the speech... but this kid. Stay awake kid, we're pulling for you.
i want to throw something but i don't want to wake her up :(
I want to thank my parents, (members of the KKK) they're great people."
I want to puke.
i want to live in America" ! x
I want to die
A short poem by me
I want a ticket!
I want to scream
I want to thank my parents who I know are looking down on me right now"
-Donald J Trump on his victorious presidential win.
I want to wake up
I wanted to leave it free for someone to step out and say this was all a terrible dream.
I want to thank my parents who are looking down on me right now" yeah, we all are!
I want to see hope. As a progressive, I see nothing. There is nothing here.
I want now since Trump did
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me, right now."
If they're your parents, wouldn't they be looking UP?
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
i want to run for president
I want to thank my parents, who are looking down on me."
Well yeah, everyone is.
I want to say,Please don't have hate in yr hearts,You will be glad soon that it came out like it did,Have faith
i want to die
I want my family out.
I want since experience doesn't matter no more smh
I want to thank my parents" -- DJT
i want to cry.
I want to see the doomsayers eat their words and apologise to those of us who said yes to Trump
I want to help everyone I can but I can't even help myself
I want to cry.
I want me to make extreme remarks modestly ...!
Please please stabilize world peace ...!
I want to as well.
I want to thank my parents" who should've aborted you when they had the chance
i want bernie as our new president
i want to fight other than white people?
I want to be dead
i want to hold close to who i love and hope to endure the shit-fest that is going to abrupt
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now." Trump, we're all looking down on you right now.
i want to talk to every single one of you, i love you all
i want to cry
I want u all to tell me I told you so in 4 years. If we make it that far.
I want this all to be a joke
I want to go back to sleep forever.
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now." The entire world is doing that, Donald.
I want to watch the President talk, blackout!
i want to kill myself
I want to be president for all Americans.
I want to drink bleach.
I want to thank my parents who are looking down at me right now" YES THEY FUCKING ARE, IN SHAME OF WHAT YOU DID!!!!!!!
I want to scroll through my feed this morning. I think it may be somewhat divided.
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
I want to get off.
I want to thank people who have helped me with what they are calling a very very historic victory".
He has words
He has all the best words
i want so badly to believe people are good. i want that so badly.
I want to stay hopeful. The worst thing any of us can do is give up hope. When that happens, it's really over.
I want this year to be over
I want to be at Harvard Uni next year too. Hais, Allah knows best. We'll see 😢
I want to thank everyone"

A lady in the crowd: "GOD DAMN IT"
I want to fight a Gary Johnson supporter so bad
I want to know what foreign countries & militias think about this?
I want them in SD
I want to write something encouraging people not to kill themselves so badly. I know people will anyways. But I want to-
I want to cry.
I want the United States is an absolute embarrassment.
I want to see Clinton's numbers now
I want to thank my parents, great people. And my sisters"

It's not a fucking academy award you Bunglecunt!
i want to thank "the people who really helped me"
I want to rewind the past year so people can reconsider WHO they're voting for.
i want to just cry
i want to kill myself even more
i want to explain
i want to kill
I want to go to Ventos class and see his reaction on all this and what he has to say
I want to thank my associate Marryann, My brother Robert. 🙏🏾
I want to get off. 2016: Bowie dies, Brexit, and now a clown in the White House.
I want to thank my parents who are looking down on me from heaven"
MORE LIKE LOOKING UP FROM HELL BC THEY BREEDED THE FUCKING DEVIL
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."

Don't worry Trump, we're all looking down on you.
I want Bernie 2020
I want to believe. I have to.
I want to thank my mother, looking down on me, and my father, looking up,
I want without having any experience
I want to hear speak right now is President Barack Obama.
I want lol
I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America's interests first we will deal fairly with everyone.
I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America first, we will deal fairly with everyone" - Donald Trump
I want to work in hypercapnia into a book. Good idea.
i want to fuck him
I want to leave
I want to thank my parents who I know are looking down upon me...
Me: Or up.
I want to bring them into THIS world
I want no part of this.
i want to personally apologise to hillary for all of this i've never felt so awful
I want to tell the world community that although we will put America first, we will seek partnership and not conflict."
I want to be ready for when I can afford them.
I WANT TO THANK MY PARENTS" you're dad was in the KKK you ass
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now"

LW this can be misinterpreted LOOOL
I want to help
I want her to go on & continue to push progress and ideas forward for our nation. We're with you.
I want
I want to win please?
I want to fuck
i want to say that is selfish and almost a joke but not quite, is.... i don't want to hear his voice over the tv a lot now.
I want to die tonight.
I want her to go on & continue to push progress and ideas forward for our nation. We're with you.
I want to go back to 2015.
I want to scream & throw things & kick the walls, but I can't.
I want to thank my family very much."
i want all of this to be a bad dream
I want a full 2 page research paper with citations from all of white America
I want to yell WRONG into his mike.
I want to be president for all Americans.
I want to say is "YOU'RE FIRED!"
I want me to make extreme remarks modestly ...!
Please stabilize world peace ...!
I want to find my princess as before." L
I want this to disappear like a bad dream. I can't handle this.
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
I want to go is Korea but they have political problems too. Sooo.. yeah.. there's no safe place in this world T__T
I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone."
i want to move out of my house so you can come to the uk and we can live together ok!^^
I want to cry I've been holding it in😭
i want Cory in the House
I want to tell the world community, that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone.
I want him to be shot on screen
I want to go to Mars now.
i want obama to just stay forever.
I want. I always knew it but really my whole mindset just clicked
I want snapchats fade now" 💀
I want to thank my family"
i want to sleep forever
I want to buy but I don't have money, don't have time, no one wants to go with me. Kidding! I just don't have money.
I want to thank prophet TB Joshua for his visions and everything.for predicting.We thank you very much 😂😂😂👏👏👏
I want to see what he does.
I want to go to Germany
i want to leave
I want to get off :(
I want to fuck"
I want you.
I want to thank my family very much."
I want to thank my parents, who are looking down on me" .... along with rest of the world
I want to walk around this campus tomorrow...
I want someone to hold me but the only people around me support trump.
I want to fix it
I want to relax
I want you to look me in the eye and explain what I've done that's made myself and countless others less than human
I want to see the parallels and comparisons between him and Anakin 😚
I want to get off.
I want to thank my parents, who are looking down at me."
No, trump they're looking up at you from below especially you're racist ass father
I want to throw up and jump off a bridge and I can't even make sense
I want you in my room
I want to get off.
I want to thank my family, says Trump
I want to thank my family, says Trump
I want to see Abraham Lincoln's face right now.
I want direct vote for 2020 we don't need an electoral college to vote for us!
I want to tell the world, we will deal fairly with everyone...all people and all nations.
I want to die.
I want to say....but no words can change what just happened. What's done is done. Time to move forward
I want an abortion I'm getting it 💁🏾
i want is you
I want to thank my parents who are looking down on me, YOUR PARENTS THAT WERE IN THE KKK ?
I want to be president for all Americans.thaks Hillary Clinton,now he is US next President.
I want to wake up from this nightmare.
i want to jump off a cliff
i want to study at pup but i thinkㅡ  it's 50:50. what should i doooo
I want my life. I want to be safe.
i want to respect
I want to cry
I want no parts of it.
I want
I want no part of it.
I want to be part of
I want to cut off my ears
I want to cry
I want to say.
I want to be with this girl.
I want an angry black man speech, like now!
I want to do is go sit in an office, that I don't even like being in, for 8 hours of pure annoyance
I WANT TO THANK MY PARENTS" your dad wore white robes, you ass
i want to be a part of
I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone" - Trump.
I want to move to America anymore.
I WANT TO HUG HIM :(
I want to get off!
I want to be able to marry the woman I love someday.
I want to thank my sisters. My brother Robert." (This man sounds like a monster.)
I want real plans not just we're gonna do it.
I want to vomit
I want to throw up
I want to know how Hillary feels right now?!this dumb heffa couldn't even win to Trump? With her closet racist ass
I want to get off
I want to thank my Parents,  one of whom was in the Ku Klux Klan."
I want to. And I will rub my happiness in his smug face till he chokes on it.
i want a Janet Jackson like controversy.
I want a sticker 😂
I want to vomit
I want my country to reunite, and fix things.
I want to."
I want" -Ella quotes
I want to be a teacher, one look at the next President of the United States should tell you why.
I want th universe to give us a 2nd chance before I wake
i want to kill myself
I want to write for....sooo
I want a refund on reality.
I want to sleep and go back to 2008
i want J on my TL back!
i want nothing to do with this pathetic excuse of a country
I want some deep dish
I want to live in. This is not what the world should be.
i want to die.
I want to end that so hard right now i'm so triggered fuck
I want to get drunk for america"
I want to talk to someone but I can't.
I want to stay positive but there is no way not to be unsettled
I want a do over.
I want to cry! This can't be real.
I want fixed is the media... And thats honest.. Everything they did was fucked up and wrong the whole time..
I want to be strong but I feel so defeated right now
I want to get off.
I want to go to sleep but all I can do I stare at the TV
I want🙄
I want to be her.
I want a diploma😍💯
i want to Kim Myungsoo
I want my parents to see their homes.
i want to cry
I want to believe people are full of fear not hate
I want it to go away
I want no part in it.
I want a recount
I want to thank my parents who are looking down on me right now, great people"
I want to thank the family dog Jungle for not shitting on the carpet as he used too.. Trump
I want Nevada to secede
I want those people I retweeted to give me my money
i want to die
I want to throw my hydroflask at her face. Violence is never the answer, buttt
I want to get off. I don't like it.
I want or need to my body otherwise I will be "punished"
I want trump as president.
I want to hear from somebody non-awful
I want to die and wish I was dead.
I want to get off.
I want to punch him in the hair. He looks like a fucking toe."
-My dad
I WANT DEATH
I want so much this year! Can I have it all plz?
I want to be represented.
I want to witness d green card tearing on live TV  (︶︿︶)
I want to get off !!!
I want.
I want to get off.
I want to start a new era of my life.
I want to cry with them
I want to puke oh God Im actually literally feeling sick
I want to die." That's most of you. Stop fucking crying.
I want to go.
I want to remember the first presidential election I voted in.
I want to thank my parents"

Yeah for giving you billions of dollars and raising a turd
I want as being the next president. If u don't like it then unfollow me 4 those out there that don't want our country 2 grow
I want nothing to do with you don't message me unless you want to start something
I want it cancelled
i want to fucking die
i want to fight everyone
i want to cry.
I want to get off! We've all gone f***ing insane!
I want fires murders and riots all over the country
i want to be around my dad's friends anymore
I want my mommy!!
I want any association with
I want to give up. What is the point. What was ever the point. Why. Why why why why
I want to know what you are going to do
I WANT YOU TO SAY IT A LITTLE LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK
I want to puke
I want?
I want to hear how they gonna spin it now😏
I want to scream and cry and run away and I know I can't do any of those things.
I want to hear em. Starting now.
I want to thank my family one and all."
I want to say be ready, because this will get bad.
I want my relatives to bring back with them from US.
I want to die" like 100 times now
i want you to block me right now
I want to thank my family" says President Trump
I want to live in or have my niece grow up in.
I want to...
I want to move back to India, like they're any good
I want to thank my family for their support." You probably paid them for their support.
I want you all to know I love and respect you guys.
I want to be like everyone else I'm not special I'm like everyone
i want to forget today byeeEEEEE
I want because this shit isn't real
I want nothing to do with 2016
I want to thank my parents. Great people." - wow...
I want to download... you're doing it wrong!
I want to thank my parents who are looking down on me' lol your parents are looking up at you from the depths of jahannam you pig
i want to get drunk and forget about life at the moment
I want to put out something that feel encouraging or good but.
Everything I could say feels vacuous?
I want" this was a battle of "We need". We didn't need to vote with that mindset. Safe to say we lost this battle.
I want to get off!
i want to get off
I want to start a militia to protect LGBTQ/POC/Muslim folks for the coming 4 years.
I want to cry because we just allowed this to happen . America is bullshit and I'm so tired of it
i want to die. this is so much worse than waking up to brexit was.
I want that man out.
I want to move back to venus
I want to punch that Lil kid beside him
i want to shout out XXX ..... where is he/she??
I want to thank GOD for hearing us and giving us Trump Pence so GOD Our Father our Lord Jesus Christ Thank You, Americans
I want to cry.
I want to be a doctor, someone who helps others, not a soldier who is forced to fight in wars that the DEVIL started.
I want the election campaign back. I liked that. This results business isn't as much fun.
I want to I'm really tired but I can't....shit is stupid asf
I want bacon 😩
I want from this outcome is for the USD to drop more pls drop more I want to buy more makeup from the US
I want a cigarette.
I want to hear about your experience for an article. Shoot me a message, let's talk
i want to be sick
I want to drink... I mean I want to drink so much that these four years will fly by. Like straight black out
I want nothing to do with you, ever.
I want make it come true!
I wanted, one thing's for sure. Life goes on, and if we want a better future, we can create it.
I want NO parts.
I want to hear " Pillow Talk " by Zayn. Thank You
I want to tell serious, tragic stories of my universe, filled with complex narratives.
I want Trump assassinated. I don't wish death upon anyone. But I will say FUCK DONALD TRUMP🖕🏾
I WANT IT ALL T END
i want to use my real name
I want too much? Okay I'll book my flight now
I want 😁😊.. Trump doesn't have control over my life. Only the lord himself ✌🏾️
I want a recount. Or maybe we can try 2016 over again
I want to run away.
I want to thank that guy"
I want to see?
I want to run away.
i want you all to be safe...im sorr y..
I want porn or asmr tonight?
I want to be at rn
i want to fight someone rn
i want to be there ofor them and i cant
I want off
I WANT TO LEAVE
i want to die. literally
I want to run to his school and give it back to him
i want the weekend alreadyyy
I want to get an abortion before it's illegal. Just for fun.
I want to get off!
I want to cry
I want to 🤗😂
I want to die like I want to DIE
I want to get off.
i want it to, David Cameron, Brexit, Theresa May & now Donald Trump
I want to say but I'm not letting this get to me. I'm done talking politics. Can we just go back to music and movies now?
I want to watch home and away.
i want to do anything and everything i can from where i am and i
I want to understand.
I want you to know I am here for you.
I want to ignore this election no amount of positivity and artificial happiness or witty remarks can mask how I feel
i want to leave
I WANT TO CRY
I want the world to end. Watch the bombs fall hand in hand.
I want to prove you wrong" and now I know why
i want to go buy a doberman bc why not
I want u to be safe
I want dead is tr*mp I can't even express how much I hate him, fucking disgusting dried piece of celery
I want some whataburger.😩

I gotta be up for the gym in a few hours.😩

I need sleep!😩
I want to build a house for my American friends to keep them safe
I want to thank my family."
I want to be and independent country
I want to do this for you.
I want Obama back💔
I want NOTHING to do with you.
I want to move planets!
i want someone's opinion
i want to get off.
i want to die for a day and just watch and see who really cares
I want sausages for breakfast anymore.
I want my cousin coming into.
i want to hear my gf say "my place was blue so i'm safe, right?"
never. fucking never again.
I want to get off! Seriously 2016!?
I WANT TO DIE
I want to tell the world community, while we will put America first, we will deal fairly with everyone." - President-elect Donald Trump.
I want a bunch of random people living in there ?
I want to die.
I want to be in this life and I'll be just that🙅🏾
i want to cry
I want to cry for you all ❤
I want to watch home and away"
i want to rant but since i'm friends with many liberals and for their sake i'll keep my mouth shut
i want to keep yall safe n i mean we got tim hortons n nickelback.... what more can u ask4
I want to believe everyone wants to do the right things. But sometimes. It can be so hard
i want to associate myself with someone who agrees with Trump's policies and mindset??...
I want to puke
I want to talk to my social studies teachers, Tueting and Livick. The only white men who will understand my rage.
I want everyone to be safe & let's Remain optimistic cuz we need to
I WANT YALL TO PICK A NEW PRESIDENT THAT ISNT TRUMP
I want you to tell me why rape is okay and why I don't matter to you and then kick me out of your life forever
I want to forget that this day even happened😂
I want to wake up already 😩.
I want a trump supporter to explain to me why I shouldn't be afraid right now?
I want to help them stay strong.
I want to thank my parents who are looking down on me right now," Trump says.
i want to fuckign throw up
I want to spend every irritating minute with you.
I want hug my friends
I want out...
I want to wake up from this nightmare.
i want.

😂😂😂😂
I want the fade.
I want to see stuff happen
I want my feelings of love and my experiences in life to be agents of change.  I want the same for everyone.
i want to cry again
I want to fuck the First Lady.
I want to thank Ben Carson" -Donald Trump🇺🇸 Ben Carson is great
I want to give a shout out to Hitler -trump
I want bacon 😩
I want??! WTF
I want in on that special wagering skills
I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America’s interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone.”
I want to show my mom
I want to just hug everyone right now
I want to beat these people's asses that voting for trump's dumbass bruh😡👊👊👊
I want to cry because of what's happening in America or because I'm on my last episode of Power 🤔
i want to throw up
i want to move
I want to say right now..but this is really crazy.
I want to be president for all Americans.
i want you guys to be as safe as possible
I wanted to supplement your insurance w/ my increased taxes.
I want to get off.
I want off
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
i want to be friends with someone like that. Fyi i fcking hate politics
I want my co-workers to think I'm not a cunt".
I want. I'm NOT thankful for this country.
I want to fucking die
I want to get off.
I want to get off !!!
I want to be a musician.
I want you all to know that despite how much Trump will try to push us down and +
I want to be
I want everybody to be safe
i want you to say that to the millions of people who's rights will be taken away from them because of
I want to introduce everyone that will do the work because I don't have a fucking clue of what to do."
I want to go
I want to vomit
I want marshmallow fgs
i want to take !!!
i want to fucking vomit we have become the laughingstock of the fucking world
I want to see a montage of all the photos of liberals crying to the sound of Jackson Brown's Here Come Those Tears Again.
I want to die
I want everyone to be safe, please, no more hatred
I want to wake up. All of our progress... Gone
I want to say but it isn't gonna change the fact that Donald Trump is now the President and the world is in COMPLETE SHIT
I wanted a female president idk
I want to wear tomorrow for life/trivia. Black for mourning or purple for dom viol. Everything lost tonight. I'm sorry.
I want to see in the world.
I want trump to be assassinated
I want to go to sleep and either wake up in 4 years to intelligence and change or not wake up at all.
I WANT TO GO HOME
I want to live in.
I want to move next, California is out of the question now.
i want no more than to leave.
I want to cry 🔪😖
I want my senpai back!
oH No No No DeAr GiRL 🔪🔪🔪
I want how he is going to be impeached I want it to be something related with sex or something exciting
I want to be prepared for the next crazy thing after this.
I want to join the British army
I want you to know that if(when) there is an increase in sexual assault and hate crimes, that was your vote that encouraged that.
I want to feel love, run through my blood
I want to go do Camp America anymore now lol
I want to cry
my friend : It's not that big of a deal
i want to die
i want them to die? no. but do i want innocent people to be shot bc there's no gun control dead? no
i want.
I want to pledge for anymore.
i want to cry
I want a white person to play in my face they can get these hands fr .
I want to take jazmine and Luz to see snow this year
I want to see the "greatness" that got him elected
I want to be president for all Americans.
i want to thank my parents, who are looking down on me right now" well now the world is looking down on america so there's that
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
i want to kms
I want a refund for my time 🙎🏽
I want Donald trump to adopt me"
😂😂😂😂❤️️
I want to die
I want all of u to stay safe n lay low. Spread luv.
I want to go to America anytime soon.
i want to comfort her and my heart is breaking
i want to watch the next 4 years play out from somewhere far far away
I want to be telling my children I witnessed... if I live that long that is
I want to get off
I want to go to America now
I want to wake them up so bad
i want to get in 2017 hehe
I want to vent, let me vent. Do not hop under my shit telling me how to feel.
I want to die but not because of some ginger racist who wants to fuck his own daughter pressing the nuclear button for "banter"
I want to talk about the election results? Not really. I kinda just want to cry instead.
I want them to be able to phone me!!!!
I want to be part of that toilet country or do I stick it out four years and vote with fucking authority? Who knows.
I want it to be.
I want to go back to sleep again this is truly a fucking nightmare I hate this why did this happen!?????
i want them all to come home theyre all muslims im so scared for their life and safety
I want to get off.
I want to thank the Academy..."
I want. The Orange bully is not going to stop me
I want to get off
I want to deactivate for the next few weeks
I want it, too! - Taruto
I want to run to Canada
I want.
i want my cat
i want g2 die
I want to be president for all Americans."
I want to get off.
I want a man so bad 😂
I want to tell...of a world I've always thought of, a world that I've always had in my mind.
I want this week to end.
I want to throw up
I WANT TO BE TOMORROW IS HIGHLINE
I want to punch you. I probably would have felt better if you voted for Trump.
I want nothing to do with you, block, unfollow me do as you will. You ain't shit lol
I want to like you but bringing out sessions, guliani, christie and preibus isn't helping your cause
i want it all
I want now lol and don't even gotta care. Hippie life I love it
I want to thank my parents. I know they are looking down at me".
Bright people…
I want Obama back
I want to cry. You broke my heart US
I want you to stay strong and safe, unless you voted for that twat. In that case you can fuck right off.
i want to be happy and have hope
i want to understand all of u but i have limitations, i cant take it anymore
I want to die.
i want to be able to meet my friends someday
I want to do that now on behalf of the America that once was
I WANT MICHELLE TO RUN IN FOUR YEARS!!! Michelle Obama 2020 please.
I want these for years to go by fast af
I want off 🙃
I want to get off!
I want to cry...
I want to marry.
I want you to unfriend me and don't slip on your tears on the way out😁😢😂😂😂😂😂 so glad TRUMP WON!😁😁
i want to die
i want to be just as sheltered as SOMEONE i know
I want to stop
i want to cry. May Allah always protect them 🙏
i want to fucking scream. congrats america ur a bunch of backwards cunts and you've played urselves
i want to kms. ()
i want to draw draw gays just to piss off Trumps
I want and hope I get is in a coma for the next four years.
I want you know you're not alone right now.
I want to thank my family very much. Really fantastic.Trump
I want you to recognize that I'm a proud monkey
You vandalize my perception but can't take style from me
I want to hear about 1st thing in the morning 😴😴😴
I want to punch myself in the face
Or him
Mainly I want to punch him
i want to feel my feelings.
I want it
I want to actually live in one
i want people who can't enter the us to die bc they had to be sent back to their country where they aren't safe or are too poor? no
I want to break her phone
I WANT PUBLIC TEARS A'FLOWIN OVER THIS. I WANT YOU FOLKS TO SEE HOW THE PEOPLE ARE FED UP WITH LEFTIST IDEOLOGY.
I want to be here to support my fellow LGBT+ members I love you all
I want to represent the Republican party. I assume Hillary was not the first choice of many leftists
I want to go for like a Romy and Michele vibe".
I want to witness it
i want to fuckinf cry
I want it to motivate me more than it already does fuck Trump
I WANT TO LAUGH AT HOW FUCKING STUPID THIS IS BUT THIS IS LTIERALY REAL LIFE THI S IS A FUKIGN JOKE
I want to be your President.
i want to die
i want to be some tired but hustlin bitzznatch
I want to get off 🌎❌
i want to punch every single person walking onto the stage
I want to thank the secret service," said Trump
I WANT TO SEE SOMEONE THAT LOOKS LIKE ME UP THERE! SOMEONE OF color.
I want to get off.
I want to wake up.
I WANT TO LIVE IN.
I WANT TO KILL YOU.
I want to see those ppl faces who thought the election was a joke but has officially helped the punchline make its way to center stage🙄😪
I want to get off
I want to release anger but I have shit to do and my roommates are totally fine and chill. I need mis amigas
I want them to be white :( :)
I want to move in 🙄 however, Canada, Japan, & Australia are still on my list.
i want to cry
i want because god knows when i will be able to do that again
I WANT TO RANT
i want to kms
I want to see what you all marked on y'all ballads
i want you guys to know that you are not alone.
I want to be  Prime minister 2018
I want to go to bed.
i want to die
i want all of them to know, this is STILL just as much my country as it is yours, dont play.
I want the bad news or the really bad news.. TRUMP
i want a female president' people are cryin
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
I want that thought to haunt me...
I want only the best for them...
I want to find some measure of  consolation.  But this “speech” is unworthy of the word.
I want parity again so I can buy shit online.
I want to thank the secret service and the NYPD.
I want to get off! 😱
I want to cry. I'm genuinely scared for what the future is to come.
We have failed.
I want
I want to continue university in the U.K. Thank goodness we made post plans.
I want to vomit 🙃
I want his Team America puppet.
I want to be. Really sit down and be 100% honest with yourself
i want more mass shootings where even more innocent people will be killed? hell no.
I want to talk to HR
I want to fucking die. I can't stop thinking about all the people who are going to suffer
I want you to do the same. Make people feel safe
I want
I want to throw up. I'll never give a thumbs up again.
I want Taco Bell. But ima gonna go back to bed.
I want to cry right now. My heart is sad but I know God has a plan.
I want to go to sleep already"
i want to learn based on how pretty my name looks in each one
i want to cry for america
I want to say but I'm just gon keep my mouth shut. It won't take me anywhere anyways.
I want out.
I want to know what his next step is.
i want to remain in politics or if i want to remain a republican.. This is too much
I want to move away from a Trump-led America and a Brexited-Britain. Space travel? 🙈🙈😪😪
I want to be heavily drinking right now
I want Trump to follow through with is the help with Veterans. That's it. Everything else I don't care about.
I want to live in the 50's, well congrats you're about to live in it.
I want you to know that you're important and you matter no matter what happens
I want to cry. I'm so disappointed. How did we go form Obama to Trump?
I want to kill myself. No one truly knows what his presidency would do.
I want to get out bed ever now.
I want to make The Netherlands safe for women and gay people'
Also Geert Wilders: 'congrats Donald Trump!!1!'
I want to call out tomorrow. I might have to put paws on one of these white ppl.
I want to hope
I want argue with childish people ! Just go your way hunny ✌🏾️😊
I want to continue anymore....just seems like a shit show now
I want to be worthy of the care you give me.
I want to see what he does.
I want to be.
I want to regress to a state of childish innocence so when humanity collapses, I won't have seen it coming.
I want to thank the Secret Service people!
I want you to tell me to my face that my life doesn't matter as much as yours does.
I want in 😜
i want to cry
i want more head so much ☠️☠️☠️☠️
I want to express my condolences. Progressivism is dead
I WANT TO CHANGE TO THE BETTER.
I want my likes back.
i want to understand.
I want is to be with the man I love, in another country, and never leave.
I want to be with my parents right now.
I want an official one with higher voltage.
I want to thank some incredible people; the Secret Service people" If tonight gives us anything good, let it be 'the Secret Service people'
I WANT to be rich
I want to be in a hole.
i want to both cry and throw up fuck
I want you forever, even when we're not together "
I want to reside in your heart !!
I want to wake up.
I want to help.
I want to get off
i want people who can't enter the us to die bc they had to be sent back to their country where they aren't safe or are too poor? no
I want to say that it's inspired me to make the most of my life that I have going forward..
I want to respect people's opinions I can't in this case.
I want to leave with this.
i want to give you the longest most caring hug
I want to die. There has to be some type of mistake I demand a recount.
I want to go to school in Canada anyway
I WANT TO TAKE CARE F MYSELF?!?!
I want to run for presidency in 2020 I'd better work on my pussy grabbing.
I want to be
I want to wake up tomorrow and have this all be a dream. Ugh what have you done, America?
I want to know WHY?
I want truth or dare."
I want to take International Studies
I want to get any type of sleep before the scholarship acceptance ceremony I need to go to sleep 3 hours ago
I want something that ain't mine...
I want to go home. I want my friends. This isn't happening. I'll just wake up and it'll all be okay
I want to fuck you" et qu'on se prendra une bombe nucléaire sur la gueule faudra pas être étonné
I want to live. where Octonauts is.
I want  that to happen 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
i want this guy dead i WANT HIM DEAD
I want to move to Canada and never look back
I want to puke.
i want to go to mass again and really feel that final verse from the Lord's Prayer:

"at iadya mo kami sa lahat ng masama"
I want my future kids to look up to!!
I want to be him.
I want this meme to die
i want to die more over the supreme court shifting harder to the right rather than four years of trump lmfao
I want
I want to get off.
I want to thank my family. I know my parents a… …
I want to thank the secret service". No shit.
I want to stay more than ever.
I want to see all the celebs who said they'd leave America if Trump was elected actually leave America.
I want to introduce my great friend Reince Preibus so I can publicly shame him while he kisses my ass."
I want to thank the Secret Service people"!!! wtf?
I want my mind elsewhere, something else.
I want to thank my fami…
I want to wake up to another 4 years of Obama.
I want to get off!!!
I want to pack, cry, drink or file for bankruptcy but fuck this shit
I WANT TO  THANK THE SECRET SERVICE, AND LAW ENFORCEMENT OF NYC , THEY ARE HERE TONIGHT"
I want to fuck their shit up but I actually see them in RL unlike here.
I want to watch/be part of. Really have no idea what to expect.
Good thing I have faith in a King above this.
i want to fucking DO SHIT.
i want to, bunnie. jesus fuck.
I want as long as I act like limp dicked swamp ass orange butthole and not be sorry?
I want to cry
i want to bring my children into
I want him dead.
I want to move to the moon 🏃🏼‍♀️🏃🏼‍♀️
i want to play a game
i want to keep happy..
I want nothing to do with you.
I want to be re-elected" and he only steps into office in Jan
I want to wake up from this bad dream.
I want to thank the secret service"

-president Donald Trump
I want to thank the sun for giving us light, I want to thank the moon for giving us the night, you're all fantastic"
I want to get involved in politics
i want to die
I want your life.
I want with my body, weeping for LGBT, weeping for Americans all.
We as people lost.
I want to play the piano for a quick 10 mins
I want to kill myself
I want to make Duffel Bag Money💰💰💰
I want to leave.
I WANT TO CRY
I WANT WHAT HE HAS
I want?  Is that... is that a thing now?
I want to laugh, cry, or vomit the most
i want to be alive ahahahahhahahaha he won what the hell
I want him but the people have spoken. This is our democracy at work
I want because apparently experience isn't needed to become president.
I want to cancel my ticket home to the states for Xmas break.
i want a refund
I want to be able to tell them we brought peace to the world not hate & war
I want cause America right?
I want, or don't want, to smoke what you're smoking, America.
I want to fart 💩
i want to die even more
I want shoot myself but I feel great
I want to know how people who voted third party feel. How do you feel about ruining this country? I want to know.
I Want My MTV on the Dire Straits song Money For Nothing?
I want to murder half of this idiot country.
i want to think things will be okay but i have no way of Really feeling that now
i want to leave" LMAO
I want to thank the Secret Service

Secret Service: Damn our cover's blown.
I want to see on here are folks lecturing about how We Need to Put In Work when it's all we've been doing since we got here.
I want to cry
i want to cry that's how upset i am and i don't even live in the us
I want to get off.
I want to grow up in.
I want to thank the secret service' WELL YOU'VE LET THEM ALL KNOW ABOUT IT NOW
I wanted to do stuff, be productive, today I'm so stressed I want to cry.
I want SOMEBODY to try it!
I want to leave this country. But for the next 4 years, I'm gonna haunt you all right here. Mf
I want to get off.
i want to die bc of Trump being pres, is that okay?
I want to sing for them (E.L.F.).” — Eunhyuk
I want to leave its 3 am and I can't stop crying
I want to get off.
i want all my american mutuals to know that i am always here -
i want to die
I want to be mindful& since I have nothing nice to say; silence is gold.
I want your love.. as long as its free.. <3
I want to be president for all Americans.
I want to urge EVERY SINGLE first time voters and all voters USE their voice and VOTE!!
I want to go back to bed, forever
I want to do in life🤔
I want to be sick.  This is so embarrassing.
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
i want to drive away"
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
I want to disappear
i want to kms so bad
I want to puke at the news or all the yogurt I've eaten
i want to run away
I want to be surrounded by my people rn but instead I'm sitting here listening to people celebrate.
I want to let you know I'm thinking of you. 2016's dealt us another knife to the kidney's but we'll endure ok?
I want to cry how dare they
I want to cal 911 but that'll likely end w/ 1 of my brothers getting shot
I WANT TO VOTE FOR IT
I want to from now on calling females flat chested bitch every thing
i want a re-do immediately. i cannot accept the ugly shit that has happened
I want him impeached.
I want...I'm going to make this happen😱😍❤️
I want to cry smmfh
I want Donald Fucking Trump to be assassinated.
I want to retreat to video games but feel it is inappropriate.
I want to sleep but I'm too scared :(
i want you to unfollow
I want to get off!!!
i want you to know I love and support you
I want to cry
I WANT TO SCREAM.
I want to hurt you nor that I stand for any of this nonsense, please know I STAND WITH YOU I LOVE YOU
I want to protect all of you I'm so scared for every one of my friends who are going to be hurt by this
i want to cry some more.
I want it now. Really lost my faith in the world. Yall are racist garbage.
I want to make sure we're all on the same page with this time change.
i want to die 🇺🇸
I want Ms M to go OFF
I want to choke each one of them istg
I want to drop out to go home and help/protect them anyway I can.
i want kids throwing their toys out the pram same as brexit
I want to die
i want to get off
i want to thank the secret service for not getting me killed in campaign. Our work on this wall is just beginning and i love canada" trump
I want? Will I be able to receive proper medical care? Could I be fired from my job?
I want to be better to my friends, family, and co-workers.
i want Obama to go OFF during his next speech, i'll be waiting
i want to hug you all
I want to see Kanye West on the ballot i am ready for president yeezy
I want to see Donald Trump's birth certificate.
i want to talk shit to but that's not gonna do shit honestly.
I want to get off
i want death upon them
I want to thank the secret service' round the bend this fella
I want to blame the vodka for my emotions, this election just makes me sad. More sad than I've felt in a long time.
I want.
I want to die
i want the dress so bad )):
I WANT TO DIE
I want to bring back worse than water boarding" Trump is president
I want a cigarette but not actually have one, bye
I want to tell you that it's going to be okay, that we'll all get through this. I'm a terrible liar, though.
I want to blame the vodka for my emotions, this election just makes me sad. More sad than I've felt in a long time.
I want.
i want to die 🇺🇸
I want to move to Canada!
I want a legit answer like why people he's the "worst" President ever?
I want to just. Dissolve into nothingness and cease to exist here. But you gotta keep on.
I want to be president for all Americans.
I want has trash transmissions when use over time.
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
I WANT TO KNS
I want nothing to do with trump supporters
I want to try to counteract that if possible. Starts with bettering myself first
I want to tell the world community we will seek common ground,not hostility'
I want  to get off.
I want to go off on all you mf's on  twitter rn but it's really not the place
I want trump to be president because fuck women. They're doing worst things then man in 1920's falsely accusing us of rape and shit" - R
I want to be president for all Americans.
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
i want to apologize to all minority groups! LGBTQ+, blacks, mexicans, muslims, women, etc!!! everyone.
I want to thank Doctor Strangelove--give him a big hand, folks!--who gave me this book--NUCLEAR WAR FOR DUMMIES..."
I want to get off.
I want to peel off my own skin and run around screaming.
I want you."
I want what's best for them, and this isn't it.
I WANT TO CRY
I want to hug every woman in my life right now.
I want to get off
I want him gone. I don't care how just fucking get rid of Trump. Aliens, your time is now 👽
I want to puke and then break a bunch of laws, because what the fuck's the point anymore
I want to be president for all Americans.
I want to unify everyone"

Are you taking the piss?! Your whole campaign has been about the exact opposite!
I want to wake from this nightmare that is this election and all of 2016 honestly
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
I want and live my life the way I want to with no regrets and live my life on the edge.
I want to bring a child into a world where a cockroach like Trump can be president?
I want you
Tell me is that deja vu?
Cause baby this ain't nothing new
I want off 2016's wild ri…
I want to 🎶
I WANT TO CRY
I want Jesus Christ himself to come down here, take the microphone from trumps hands & say "are y'all fuckin serious"
I want to thank Secret Service and the law enforcement here in New York City"
i want to study
I want to die
I want to hear Hillary speak!
I want a woman president, but we can do
I want you to picture him mocking a world leader because he "talks funny."
i want in
i want to help in Whatever way i can
I want to be smart too...
I want to get some actual work done. Hmm, madness, isn't it?
I want protests. I want people to stand up for themselves.
I want Master all to myself?
i want to die
I want out
I want to continue talking politics more than casually.
I want to die.
I want with my body and stick my dick in any girl I want
i want to go back to visit my family...but imagine how i'll be treated now?
I want to.
I want to say but can't...
I want them to know what fear feels like.
I want a chapter in a future history book to be titled "The Ascension of the God-Emperor."
I want to make fun of society and fucking awful and terrible it is. Satire. Honestly deep down inside I love everyone (c)
I want my black folks to be strong. This ain't our burden. Fuck Trump. Be Safe Tho
I want to know what’s on your brain. Why could you conquer all your hyungs easily? I laugh crazily of it, rock you!
I want to give me an interview
I want to go even less
I want/need a hug from more right now: My mom or Obama.
i want you to try to explain to your black, lgbt+, women, muslim and trans friends why they aint important to you.
I want from Congress, it's to ensure-and follow through-that nobody's health insurance/health care will be compromised.
I want absolutely nothing to do with you, I will not associate with you, you are absolutely dead to me.
I WANT TO WAKE UP
I want to curl up in a blanket + call my mom and that's okay. At this point survival is a political act.
I want to cry, I'm just fearing for everyone's safety rn
I want you in the worse way, and I know one day doesn't mean the first day
I want out.
i want to fight everyone rn
I want to slap the shit out of 48% of the population
i want to leave the planet
i want them to see how well i'm doing.
I want to go with the majority
I want chickfila. 🙃
I want to climb under a rock for the next 20 years
i want, i'm going to ask "was frerard real???? y/n?"
I want to pass my condolences to every Hillary supporter  in my feed. it's a tough day, buck up and be strong.
I want to do as being on the losing end of this campaign is not treat Trump the way Obama was treated.
I want to even be on Twitter tomorrow, or for a while.  I tweeted a lot today.
I want to beat you in any way possible rather ur 50 years older or 5 years younger than me i dont care
I want to thank Alex, where is he? I want to thank Ron, where is he? I want to thank...oh he's not here either?
I want my ass rubbed
I want ☺
i want to help.
I want to believe that they will notice this time, for some reason.
I want too
I want to hear from most is the man that would've easily defeated Trump but had the nomination stolen from him. Bernie Sanders.
I want my people to protest tbh
i want?

*feeling myself* 😝
I want no part of it anymore. Time to move abroad/naturalise while Britain is still EU.
I want you bad
I want to punch this man in the face
I want to literally die. its to much.
I want to do to our country," says man with at least 4 bankruptcies and hundreds of lawsuits against him.
I want u 2 love urself as much as everyone else loves u
I want to stay involved where I can
I want to visit now.
No offence to my US pals.
I want to know how to get involved better.
I want to.
I want all of us to be unified and be able to make jokes about ourselves and our society. (c)
I want to live in.
I want to slap the shit out of 62% of the population
I want U to answer to the next black, Latino, LGBT, or Muslim child beaten in your name. Tell them why they deserved it.
I want to say.. until I can't say even a thing.😭😅
I want more than to be a mother.
I want everything.
I want to scroll through twitter. Lets just hope he was all talk
I want to die.
I want to be a president for all." *plays You Can't Always Get Why You Want*
I want to :S
I want to thank ______________________! Get up here ______________________! Where is ______________________?"
I want off this planet now.
I want to vomit.
i want. Stop telling me what to do! Labyo
i want to vomit
I want to be on any social network for awhile. 😣
I want white peoples to feel threatened by us too wtf. Rawr :3
I wanted Hilary Clinton to win, I admired the fact that Donald Trump proved a point; "You can be anything you want to be"
i want him to die.
I want to be optimistic but it's. What even happened. How.
I want to fight
i want myself dead pl
I want to go to medical school and become a neurologist.
I want to listen to The Beach Boys and sip margaritas all day today. I think I will.
I want to thank the Secret Service. They are a fantastic group of people [Also] Law enforcement in New York …
I want
i want to cry and Im not even AMERICAN. We're fucked up
i want to help you.
I want to thank her for trying
i want everyone to remember back to coach mcclain's class... I WAS RIGHT
I want him home. I want him safe and sound.
I want, I completely lost all faith in this country
I want to try to do more things outside my comfort zone, say things that may not please all fans, make vids outside my usual wheelhouse.
I want you to live your life as a human" -- Labrador to Ayanami, who came to devour his soul
I want to get off
I want 2 be associated with in the slightest
I WANT.
i want to die
I want to check my 401K tomorrow?
I want without thinking of anyone else
i want to hear from marginalised groups. give them media coverage re: this
I want to live in a country where I feel safe.
I want to throw up
I want to spend my days with Trump running the country.
I want to leave this universe
I want to leave this planet 😨
I want to get off 😥
I want y'all to try it cause y'all gon get y'all asses beat tf up
I want someone to assassinate trump, pretty please Santa I have been a good little boy.
I want to skip Thanksgiving and Christmas.
i want mac n cheese
i want to get off
i want you to know that you're what's wrong with america.
I want no part in the racist, corrupt, capitalist state that is America. Good night and good luck.
I want to hear what she says lol
i want to cry
I want to throw up
I want someone's hands to hold or to tear out my hair for me
I want to get off!!
I want to be dead

Cruel world,

         I'm done with your games
I want now =w= srsly wtf
I WANT U
I want to hug all the people who voted for Hillary. Thank you and please don't give up.
I want I didn't find this election to be beneficial to my future at all
I want to curl up and pretend this hasn't happened but I have to get ready for work.
i want that oa to stfu about the election
I want to text my Hispanic/Latinx friends to stay indoors tomorrow, not go to class
I want you to know that I love you.
I want a president.
I want McDonald's.
I want to be sick
I want just like Trump and I guess people will still like me somehow
i want to, with love and acceptance. That is what i can do.
I want to get off. 🙈
I want to get off...
i want something else i dont want this i didnt ask for this
I want Mama Dee for president 2020 and I want there to be a presidency tv show
I want to be president for all Americans.
I want him impeached and he hasn't even sworn into office yet
I want to live in... saddened by the many steps we've taken backwards. Smh 😔
I want to throw up
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
I want that can't sleep love
The kind I dream about all day
The kind that keeps me up all night
I want you.
I want my fucking one. Send me the muthafuckin addy bitch
I want to stay home I'm so done
I want to get off. I am done with this shit
i want to get hit with a car so bad
I want an abortion I can't have it.....
i want to Die
I want to thank my parents, who are looking down on me right now'. Yes, we're all looking down on you right now.
I want to cry
I want to die
i want home and away to be on. lol
I want to without any experience right?
I want to know oo... How will this election affect the Naira rates to the Dollar o.
I want this nightmare to be over.
I want nothing to do with it.
I want to be adopted into the Obama family
i want to die
i want to go outside to probve to these fucks that im here
i want to be. but because i am forced to be by those who would harm me.
I want you to cremate me and throw my ashes in Tom Selleck's face.
I want you to look at all the people writing in Bernie, Harambe and micky mouse..
I want. It is simply because I almost always choose short term happiness. And short term happiness is killing my long term success.
I want to
I want...
I want to be nice and refreshed for my monumental laughing at the liberal lefty wank stains session later 👍✌
I want one (box) but don't want to peak too early ....🤔
I want to jump into a volcano."
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
I want him to be ruined and unhappy on a personal level, and he's not.
I WANT MY REFUND AND MY 11 MONTHS BACK ITS NOT WORTH IT
i want to cry
I want running my county.
i want out
help
i want to get over this lmao i can't believe this actually happened
i want to On my way!
i want to take a nap now
i want to fucking die like my heart cant take this much pain
I want and I’m terrified that there are so many ppl who just elected the worst human being possible to office.
I want to be right now.
I want to resttttt
I want to be president for all." *plays You Can't Always Get What You Want*
I want to see him keep is to lock up HRC! I did not vote for him, but was relieved he beat Hillary.
I want people to say I told u so.
I want for the mainframe.] *
I want what's coming to me, the world and everything in it"
I want to cry. President Trump!
I want this country to come together, but I also want to deport millions of people from their homes, take away healthcare, and take-"
I want to walk away
i want to never discuss it ever again
I want to shoot myself. 😖
I want to be apart of
I want to go back to bed now too. For about 4 years, at least.
i want to migrate to pluto because the world is a mess rn
I WANT TO BEAT A GYM.
I want to link to celebrate tonight
I want answersssssssssss fr
i want my family to leave.
I want to bring back Stop and Frisk because it works."
I want a burger
I want to go yell at my dad for doing this.
I want to know what they're fucking teaching in middle American schools' history classes! And Florida. Wtf Florida?
I want to go to class tomorrow.
I want to see what kind of bullshit he gon pull
I want a boyfriend
I want you to feel the sub zero of my cold shoulder
I want to be by your side. Good night, you shits.
I want.
I want to hold onto everyone
I want to throw up. Jesus fucking Christ
I want to level up.
I want regardless
I want to die?
I want to die
i want to fucking die
I want to leave
i want this decision to bite those, who voted for him, in the ass. on the other hand, this decision will bite everybody ass
I want to be the only one
I want him to be, but I'm satisfied.
I want to love.
i want mac and cheese
I want America to suffer for it sin of electing a vile human specimen. I am torn. God help us.
I want to cry or scream at this point.
I want to say "Can't wait for 2016 to end" but who can say 2017 can't get any worse?
I want to laugh or cry. Brb going to sleep for the next 4 years. 👋🏻
I want to get off.
I want to get so drunk I can't feel feelings anymore.
I want to get off 😱😱😱😱
I want coke" and mams all like "nah brah"
I want....
I want to cry
I want to got to US...
I WANT TO. THIS WILL IMPACT THE WORLD
I want to thank my parents. I know they are looking down at me".
Verstandige mensen, die ouders van 'm.
I want to leave I have to renew my passport first and get everything ready
I want it over and done with
I want to get off
I want to lead my future.
i want to live in
i want to live in
I want to test me right now lol
I want to fight me so bad
I want to get off!
I want my country back
i want to die so fucking badly
I want to face
I want to disappear.
I want to do that?
I want to sleep, I'm too disappointed and angry. Trump will never represent me.
I want to walk side by side with you at least once
Just once
I want. Cash out. Build a house on the beach.
I want to go and watch the news more
i want to come out to my family? probably never now..
I want out
I want to what's right.
I want to forget to.
I want to go back to bed and never wake up
i want to go. 😍😍😍
I want now right!!!??
I want to vomit
I want, and I am accepted regardless of my race and gender
I want no part of it
I want 2 go back 2 Kansas
i want my gf but she sleeping i envy her i am awake and covered in fear
I want and tell them I'm working there 🤗 try me 😑
I want to be the godmother
I want to thank the secret service, they do great job."- Donald Trump, president-elect , United States of America
I want a taco", then NYPD: "Arrest this man"
I WANT TO PUNCH
I want to hear Professor Tremblay talk about this so bad
I want my bachelors degree tmm morning in my hand‼️
I want to send them all a card wishing them well!! 🇺🇸
I want to die
i want jimmy fallon to come on his show and apologize. tomorrow i want mass news broadcasters to apologize.
I want to say to people, but unfortunately I can't do that without possibly making things in my life really complicated.
I want nothing to do with in terms of friends and family. Bye ✂️
I want her to come back
I want to harm a "human" such as trump
I want to die I can only imagine how people who actually live there feel
I want my American friends to come to Canada but I'd prefer if they felt safe and secure in their own home first.
i want to make some nightcore...
I want to have a child. I need insurance to help.
I want absolutely nothing to do with you.
I want to be president for all Americans," what I hear is "fall in line."
I WANT TIME YOU WANT これ以上スキになるとヤバイ  離れられない
i want when i want
I want to exist on this planet any more... My Twitter feed has mislead me. Real world full of cunts.
I want answersssssssssss fr
i want everyone to leave me alone for the next 4 years. Bye 😊
I want to see in this society, and for that, I must be aware of my privilege and use it for good as best I can.
i want to move out
help
please
I want off
i want cry.
I want to
I want to let ppl know, my DMs are open & my Skype/Discord is free for anyone needing someone to talk to or vent (ask via DM).
I want to be the resistance.
I want to wake up from this nightmare. Hug your friends that will be targeted by Trump. Keep them close.
I want to get in before the rush!
I want to dedicate my life to doesn't like the color of my skin
i want to say everyone has the right to vote for 3rd party..... i also want to say that they literally threw away a vote.
I want to migrate to another planet
I want to call off and stay home. I can't believe it's over.
I want to die
I want to kill myself. No memes, no jokes.

I don't know one thing to be happy about.
I want to say congratulations to our newly elected President Donald Trump.  That Is all.
I want to make a choice to only associate with those with morals.
I want you to be strong still because I'm not eigh5 now
I want smh.      Second L-TRUMP IS FUCKING PRESIDENT
I want the real thing 😏💯
I want my children to grow up.
I want people to feel the heatbreak
I want to fight it
i want out
I want to fall asleep or have someone wake me up. A legitimate country just jumped a shark. Bye.
i want you to be happy.
I want to scream but I'm physically unable to speak.
i want to sleep
I want 😂😂
i want the writers of snl to apologize. tomorrow i want nbc to apologize.
I want to be that kind of Christian
I want, regardless of my credentials. That's how shit works now, right?
I want no parts.
I want serenity.
I want, This is still a free country folks lol
I want that copy, deadass
I want you to know that I have been praying for you & will continue to do so!
Karen
I WANT THE PAYYYY😂
I want you
I want to travel my entire life. 🌎🌍🌏
i want someone who cud look into my eyes, hug me tight and say " i know you're not " .
i want. death
I want to feel that again
I want this awful year to end, I don't see 2017 being any better. 😱
I want people to fight until we actually get what we want done. Please, don't stop fighting.
I want to smack people's heads into walls. How can you let trump win? Well, I'll worry my ass off about my nice family
I want to, I don't feel like preaching positivity to my timeline right now! I'm praying for us all, man... Goodnight.
I want to say but i kept it to my private account
I want to say but I can't think of the words
I want hugs.
I want peace of mind.
I want to see Trump shed one meaningful tear.
I want to acknowledge the great leadership that President Obama, VP Biden, and their whole administration has given
I want Trump dead he's gunna make America shitter again. And this won't just affect you guys😞
I want to get married down the line, am I going to be told no? That my feelings don't matter because of who I love?
i want to cry my eyes out. i don't trust trump. i dont believe anything that comes out of his mouth. he terrifies me
i want to be sick.
I want to be HEARD.
I want to have a chat about that later.
I want it to be different , yeah.
i want to see right now is rioting, or anything like it. You will become no better than the people you look down on.
i want 😭💖
I want old white people to die. please. my future seems so bright without them.
I want to be strong but how? What do you do when your country tells you that you don't matter?
i want to dir
i want to scream this is a fucking nightmare
I want to teach: to prevent mass ignorance from sweeping the nation again as it has tonight.
i want. i wont be hurting anyone so i dont wanna be told to calm down!!!
I want to get off. 2016 is a clusterfuck.
I want 🙄
I want to believe all the fear is overblown and everything is okay.
I want to drop this subject
I want to be conscious in rn.
I want to go home already... 😭😭
I want to go back to the BerenstEin Bears-iverse. It was nice there.
I want to get to St panc.Just adding more 40 min to my misery.
I want to associate myself with
I want to beat my best time.
I want. S/O to California ✊🏾
I want to do more and do better next time
i want to live in.
I want 😕
I want to fucking cry
i want to laugh or to cry i just... dont want these white people to think theyve won
I want the choice to choose between to decent human beings. COME ON MAN!
i want to stop talking
I want 2016 to end", but Donald Trump isn't even president.

He doesn't even get sworn in until 2017.
i want things to be okay but i know what we're facing. but i love you all. that's never changed idk i feel weird trying to say
I want to remember this day for the rest of my life ❤️
I want to cry for the world they are growing up in. But I still believe in  them.
I want to get off
I want to punch Americans y'all actually screwed yourself over like that
I want to die.
I want him back already
I want to go.
I want to keep it.
I want y'all letting this slow looking ass man scare y'all
i want
I want no part of it lmao
i want to die
I want death
i want to do something
I want to say, but I don't know where to begin. I'll say nothing right now; But will say everything once I wake up.
I want for everyone to have hope and keep fighting for what they believe in.
I want to see! I ain't keeping no one to make someone I don't give a shit about happy 😊
i want my friends to be happu
i want to die
I want off
I WANT TO EXPRESS BUT I CAN'T EVEN THINK STRAIGHT
I want you more than anything else
I want to be president of all Americans"

Unless they are Muslim, Women, Gay, Latino or immigrants from somewhere else
i want obama
I want to point, maybe the worst is the one on myself. I should've questioned more, stood up more, stepped up more.
I want to get off
I want to live in 1950s Havana.
I want to fix the mess  the world is making of itself.
I want him as far removed from my country as possible
I want to get off.
I want to live.
i want obama back
I want whenever I want there no law just social order
I want all truth
i want to kill myself
i want everyone to remain safe --
i want to die even more than 24 hours ago
I want to die
I want everyone to know about it so I'm going to go into the streets so I can yell and break stuff"
I want hillary
I want to thank you for giving your honest opinion on this matter. From a fan!
I want to cry but I'm so sad that I physically can't.
I want.
I want nothing to do with you. Thank you.
i want to have the privilege of being a coward because my rights are guaranteed
I want you now more than anytime before💑
I want to live to discover what comes next.
I want to snap out at all of you for not shutting your traps about the election 😊😊😧
I want to give Hillary Clinton the biggest hug. This bullshit has been her entire life.
I want.
I want to live in a world where we vote to leave the EU and Donald Trump is president
i want everyone to let this misery sink in and rly feel it but then i realized the ppl who i rly want to feel it dont care
I want something dammit
I want to be very married.”
– Audrey Hepburn
I want to stay friends with & who's getting that unfollow🙃
I want to put my head in a bowl of cereal.
i want death
I want y'all have anything against my opinion block me
I want to live basically
I want to find ways I could be involved as a young citizen who... 1/2
I want ALL of you to wake up and ask yourself "Now what can we do to make this better?"
i want?
I want to fucking scream. Donald Trump has gotten EVERYTHING he has ever wanted.
i want to cry my friend voted for him. 😏🙄
I want to sincerely apologize to all the people and countries of the world for what the usa did today.
I want one of y'all to "ACT STUPID"
i want
I want to go off on for just being so fucking dumb and it's taking EVERYTHING in me to stay calm
I want to take them all with me.
I want to:)
I want to die
I want to be an American anymore. What a disgrace . Night✌🏽️😷
I want to bring a kid into a nation that supports hate?!? No way. Sorry.
I want to help
I want to believe her but if hes already won, its proof my country is against me as a person
i want to not speak at all to no one tmrw from how i feel, but im more angered and want to scream
I want to wake up?
I want a guy who can buy my beer and has the MOST pussy
I want you alive and well" and I couldn't bring myself to say it.
I want to unfollow you too..
I want to say: I am here for you, I am with you. I am here for you. I am so, so proud to be with you. You.
I want to vomit.
I want assurances from the British people that Alan Sugar is never PM !! 😉
I want to go to bed.
I want to learn how to better support her
I want to go back 😱
I want to live.
I want to anymore
I WANT him to prove to me that he has what it takes to effectively and appropriately run the country.
I want to go to the states in the next 4 years. How many days do I have to wait for an impeachment!
I want an explanation to why you ain't vote for him the other time he was in the presidential race. I'll wait
i want a pup/cat i can just face plant into
i want to fckin cry mess, maybe im just emo fck but still, hoping the future will be better
I want nothing to do with you.
i want you all dead muah
i want to throw up
I want to thank the Secret Service. They are a fantastic group of people [Also] Law enforcement in New York …
I want Barack.
I want to marry...
i want to die
I want to spend this night with✨
I WANT OBAMA BACK 😓💔💔
I WANT a racist bigoted crazy white frat hypocrite to shoot me dead in the streets so let's go for a walk
I want to stay here😭, I love New York too much.
I want to get off. WW3 is about to start🙄
i want every single 3rd party voter DEAD yall can CHOKE
I want to lash out at all of you for not shutting your traps about the election 😊😊😧
I want to jump on tomorrow morning 😡😡😡😡
I want to fight everybody.
I want by the pussy 🤔
I want us all to understand that.
I want ^^
I want to wrap you all up in a big hug
I want to see Trump prove nay sayers like myself wrong. Hoping for the best 💯
I want you to know. 🎅🏾
i want to anymore...
I want
i want to move to texas now that trump is president
i want to fucking die i have relatives! who just emigrated from india! to the US!!!!
i want absolutely nothing to do with you.
I want to.
I want all of his supporters and non voters to explain to me that my assault was justified and why I deserved it.
i want to see real change. see you in a while, twitter.
I want my partner to be happy even on rocky and bad days we are happy cuz we have a strong foundation
I want you out too
i want to hug each and every one of you
I want that man dead
I want it to be easy
I want to get off the grid.
I want to be this is so painful
I want off this land.
I want to go shopping tomorrow and spend all my money cause thats what I do when I'm upset- who's down????????????????
i want the world to know Malaysia did it first.
I want to yank it but I can't even because this election has my mind so boggled😕
i want to be awake today
I want to cry
I want a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Strawberry jelly tho.
I want to help you, not hate you...this is our country
I want us all to come together as one and keep our love strong. We need to be strong.
I want you back
i want unlimited new episodessss
I want you to know your in charge of your world.
I want y'all to know that I love you
I want to cancel it now.
I want our country to be brought together. Please stop fighting each other and wait. Stay together and have courage.
I want to add something hopeful. I am not there.
I want to talk to you guys.
I want something, I'm gonna go after it, simple as that
I want to remain happy
I want without experience too. That's how this all works right? 🤔
i want to kill myself
I want to make sure everyone is okay. I love you all. I'm here. I definintely understand. I've never been to rehab
I want to is so expensive. So can I just sign up to leave?
I want to take tomorrow off of school (aka then I wouldn't have gone to school once this week) Or go in cocky as fuck
I want to die.
I want to get off 🙈
I want to forget ever existed
I want this documented.
i want you to think about that.  hes gotten this far i just hope someone shoots him
I want to be on his side!
I want them
I want to be with right now. Friends. My two young nieces. I'm sorry this happened to you & us.
I want to hug my mom.
I want to explore more of Miami.

Goodnight World, you stay classy.
I want you out of my life. now.
I want nothing to do with you. You're all terrible fucking people. Don't speak 2 me
I want 2 thank GOD 4 DJT as our PRESIDENT. TY to the ppl who stuck with DJT. We need 2 work together & not quarrel wit the Dems. UNITE
i want to kill myself i hung up on him so fast
I want to be discharged from the Military do not want to possibly put my life on the line with him as Commander in Chief
I want to move to for the next 4 years... Decisions decisions...
I want to Thank All Who Followed MeI'm closing my Twitter Account, my job is done..
i want to shout this to: I love you >:'(( and let's keep fighting together.
I want to get off.
I want these 55 million people to get away from me (sorry mom).
i want to who gives a fuck Assholes
i want now
I want my life to be as it was the past 8 years
I want warm fries. Like a lot of them. 🍟😔
I want to bury my head in something and sleep forever.
I want him in charge of the USA".
I want communication - 教えてよ 君とコミュニケーションをとりたい
I want to know what exactly do you think TRUMP will do to you?
(Serious question)
I want your love..
I want to be there to witness the downfall...
I want a drink.
I want to do it too!!
I want you to explain to your black, Mexican, women, lgbtq, Muslim friends why they don't matter to you.
I want
i want this to happen... butttt i can actually see trump getting assassinated😕😕😕
I want to end myself now and skip it all...
I want to cry. People feel like they can't be themselves in that country.
i want to rip your throat out and step on it again and again
I want you to be my Vice President. President Jackson and Vice President Perales. Om…
I want you in my room
i want to say for this year..
I want to raise my son in this country.
I want you all to be safe! It hurts to see this asshole hurting you!!
I WANT REVENGE
I want our generation to take this as initiative. we can change it.
I want, that shit gets expensive
I want to be in charge for the U.S nuclear weapons. And he's orange. Must be a sign of good taste"
I want to die . theres nothing more to it..
I want those Yuya things
I want to read the history book where this is just a footnote.
I want to vomit. On him at best.
That racist and sexist motherfucker should
burn in hell. 😊😊😊
I want to say but I need to take my ass to sleep.
I want? The President of the United States does it!"

This is terrifying.
I want to tomorrow 😴😴
I want to cry and all I see are people making fun of America but????? We are dying, please stop for a little while
I want you all to fully understand what you did. Disgusting and shameful.
I want a guy that treat me like you do, but who is not ugly.
I want my parents to stay home
I want to punch mike pence in the fucking face
I WANT TO GET OFF 😔
I want to be a part of 😰💔
I want to see it with you! ♪
I want a person who comes into my life by accident, and stays on purpose"
I want, nobody else.
I want to be mad at america, I'm also still fuming at the DNC. i can 100% say bernie would have won had he won the nomination.
I want to be near people who value the things I just mentioned, who want this to be a country that welcomes everyone.
I want to bring a child into this crappy world? Nope
i want to be his mom but on the other i feel very attracted to him and he's 15 i hate this situation tbh
I want to thank you for taking away my rights as a gay man, feminist and a trans and black lives supporter, fuck you..
I want to be more attractive *exercises and puts in work*

Me: I want to be more attractive *sits in room and eats crisps*
I want to relax I just sit in a tub of ice.

Weird right?
I want? I wouldn't be the first to do it
I want to be surprised by which poison kills me.
I won't feel bad for voting in a lunatic.
i want u to text me first ill just die and turn into it?
I want to cry
i want to know those prophets that said hilary clinton will win the american presidential election all dis circumstantial prophecy
I want to cry .
I want them all published in a book put
i want bcs I CAN.
i want to sing
I want to be a fly on the wall when President Obama meets President-elect Trump
I WANT.
i want it a little less conversation, and a little more touch my body cause im so into you.
I want to
I want to get off 😧
I want what the fuck these people are smoking😂😂
I want to see happen is this country become further divided. I think that we must find what unites us and improve on that.1/2
I want to hear " Pillow Talk " by Zayn. Thank You
I want to be in their realm so bad
I want to get off it.
I want to get off 😥
I want because of their political beliefs. I don't want to be around ppl that stand for everything Im against
I want to visit America now it's run by such a waste of space to think people voted for him worries me so much
I want my own tower
I want is her love Her fatal fantasy I’m drunk with ecstasy
I want to tell them that we have no right to spring"
I want to serve in whatever role Trump has in mind.
i want to be very, very drunk. :(
i want to look at twitter again 😅🙃
i want to netflix and chill with
I want to be a part of.
I want to stare at a different ceiling for a few hours
I want you at the tip of my tongue, all down your body,
I want to know what exactly do you think TRUMP will do to you? (Serious question)
i want to live in.
I wanted
I want to cry. 😭
I want to rule the world and the other half I want to be a Magikarp.
I want to go to sleep and never wake the fuck up.
I want her to stay little but can't wait to watch her grow
I want to say but everyone feels the same anyway.
I want to be part of.
I want nothing to do with you.
I want chicken nuggets.
i want to throw up
I want you to know that I love you. *hugs*
I want to live in anymore.
I WANT YOU
I want his supporters to see the fucking mistake they made
i want to die
I want to fade today
I want to know if I should buy a Trump allegiance armband, or if one will be provided for me.
I want my best friend back 😭
I want to travel the world and never come back.
I want to go back to sleep for the next four years. This is an actual nightmare.
I want to get off.....let's hope most of Trump's  extremist plans get watered down like most political promises
I want one too!
i want to text my aunt so bad and tell her to be safe because virginia is a red state now
i want to save all animals
i want every single person who voted for trump to realize what the hell they just did.
I want to help. Thru community we'll survive
I want/need to be here to help all I can. I'm here for you friends
I want you to ride it
So I can drink your rivers down, you quench my thirst babe, no🎶
I want to get off.
I WANT SOMEONE TO TRY ME ON TWITTER !
I want a recount that shit can't be real.
I want to.
I want to believe him.i dont
i want zero association with
I want to go to sleep right now
I want to build an America that respects and embraces the potential of every last one of us.
I want nothing to do with you now.
I want to get off
I want to feel more mysterious.
I want to fucking die.
I want to thank the secret services"
I want to be a part of.  For all of our sakes though I hope he listens to
I WANT TO SEE THE VOTES. YADIER MOLINA DIDNT WIN THE GOLD GLOVE?
I want to die! thanks america.
I want to step anywhere close to politics
I want to get off!
I want to, that'll never change
I want to die
I want to try a ballad. I’m going to make Minho do the narration for the intro
i want to call him so bad but he's probably sleeping
I want Clinton to win. Since I am a Filipino, I need Trump to win." (Escalante, 2016)
I want you to watch carefully every world harming move he makes, and I want you to regret your decision so fucking much.
I want to c how change is
I want to vomit right now
I want NOTHING to do with you. You would've been fine under a Hillary presidency, many Clinton supporters aren't under trump
I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now."
I want to stop my magazine like wtf
I want to see your face ever
i want to get off
I want to see what props past 😁😁
i want you to be safe
I want to get off!
I want a hunger games that would be badass, I'll volunteer
I want counting my money are short guys that wear yarmulkes all day."
-Trump
I want to say rn but I don't think I should
I want to see the individual votes & count them myself
I want the right to get married to be legal for me. I want to be able to adopt.
I want you to know you can reach out to me if needed!
I want you,Nothing else.Just you"
I wanted to enjoy my college experience but I've changed my mind
I want to live in anymore.
i want to do right now is go back to a liberal haven in ohio. its fucking useless
I want ready for all this 😅
I want to talk to him" feeling...
😶😶😣😣
I WANT YOU
I want a dick in my mouth and a finger in my butt. Would you?
I want to Mexico in February just went down by 10% 😜
I want you to know that even if we end up being together or not, that spot is yours— forever.
I want to marry
I want to go back to Japan...//
I want to sleep
I want to scream and riot, I won't because that just creates more negative shit that is not needed especially at this time...
I want more in life rn than some damn good buffalo wings w blue cheese. fck
I want to get any healthcare.

Dying in my sleep doesn't sound so bad all of a sudden.
i want
nayoung: your fake permit literally just says "i can do anything i want"
siyeon: AND it has my signature
I want to try ordering from Couples Kitchen. Looks delish 😍😍
I want to say...
I want to call my own anymore. I want to wake up from this nightmare.
I want to go back to the middle moderate path. (2/3)
I want to believe in Trump, but I think we were fucked as a country regardless of who won
I want to be angry & hurt that we allowed this. 💔💔
i want to d i e im terrified
I want to at least experience that once.
I want a civil war
I want to bring a child into this world.
i want some new jump mans.
I want peace to continue.
I want to wake up
i want to cry rn. this is disgusting and so sad. i'm so sorry
i want to say 'fuck everything' and lay in bed all day
I WANT TO GET OFF!!! 😧😧😧😧
I want to do it
i want to leave i hate this feeling. how long will i feel like this.
I want to get off🙃
I want to in life. I choose to be a turtle. I like turtles
I want to scream
I want to watch out for all POC around me not just my family but my neighbors & friends etc.
i want to sleep but i have to study too
I want her to win
I want to do harm in a way that'll just straight up kill me.
Drink while on medication, or overdose.
I want to be apart of.
i want to move to america !!!!
*trump wins presidency*
me: wow i love tea and the royals, UK IS WHERE I WANNA BE
I want everyone to be safe and for everything to be ok
I want to move to the parallel universe where America elected Sanders..or a really smart talking puppy dog.
i want out.
I want you to know this.
I want to... pasalamat kau mbait na ko. Che — feeling pissed
I want it. Most people don't really want it they just talk like they do
I WANT TO GET OFF MR. BONES' WILD RIDE!
I want to play Metal Gear Rising now.
I want a pizza so bad rn lol"
i want to snap their necks
I Want You】1986
i want to rip my hair out and break something. I DONT UNDERSTAND. i really need to. break something. or yell.
I want to go home.
i want to cry
I want, want something serious, & I'm independent. I aint one of these little high school bitches
I want to fucking scream
I want to love you.
i want it bad enough then i'ma get it. 🤘🏽

Thank you Santa, I hope you can fit all these things in your sleigh and down the chimney.

I hope the reindeer are well.

Love,

Twitter

P.S. I almost forgot: i want to fucking die!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

09 November 2016, 01:06 PST
09 November 2016, 04:06 EST
09 November 2016, 09:06 GMT
09 November 2016, 09:06 UTC
09 November 2016, 11:06 EET
09 November 2016, 14:36 IST
09 November 2016, 17:06 CST
09 November 2016, 18:06 JST
09 November 2016, 20:06 AEDT
